Hackaton 2024: resolved some doc issues (#2574)
openturns/openturns: python/doc/theory/data_analysis/qqplot_graph.rst

.. _qqplot_graph:

QQ-plot
-------

> The Quantile - Quantile - Plot (QQ Plot) allows one to validate whether

Reviewer: The verb "allow" is not appropriate, because there is no need to use some particular law or ask to any judge to use this method: no policeman will put us under arrest here if we do not use that method (see [^EnableVsAllow]).
```suggestion
The Quantile - Quantile - Plot (QQ Plot) enables to validate whether
```

[^EnableVsAllow]: https://letlucyedit.wordpress.com/2013/04/03/enable-or-allow-why-you-need-to-get-it-right/

two given samples of data
are drawn from the same continuous distribution of dimension 1.

We denote by :math:`\left\{ x_1,\ldots,x_{\sampleSize} \right\}`
and :math:`\left\{ y_1,\ldots,y_{\sampleSize} \right\}` two given samples of dimension 1.

> A QQ-Plot is based on the comparison of some empirical quantiles. Let :math:`q_{X}(\alpha)`

Reviewer 2: No need to write :math:`X` here IMO, because it is not really used.
